[improve][doc] Add doc for improving source performance (#489)
streamnative/pulsar-io-sqs: docs/sqs-source.md

| `awsCredentialPluginParam` | String | true     | " " (empty string) | The JSON parameter to initialize `AwsCredentialsProviderPlugin`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `queueName`                | String | true     | " " (empty string) | Name of the SQS queue that messages should be read from or written to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `batchSizeOfOnceReceive`   | int    | false    | 1                  | For SQS source. The maximum number of messages pull from SQS at one time. Default=1 and the value range is [1,10].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `batchSizeOfOnceReceive`   | int    | false    | 1                  | The maximum number of messages that are pulled from SQS at one time. By default, it is set to 1. The value ranges from 1 to 10.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | `numberOfConsumers`        | int    | false    | 1                  | For SQS source. The expected numbers of consumers. You can scale message consumers horizontally to achieve high throughput. Default=1 and the value range is [1,50].                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `numberOfConsumers`        | int    | false    | 1                  | The expected numbers of consumers. You can scale consumers horizontally to achieve high throughput. By default, it is set to 1. The value ranges from 1 to 50.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

> **Note**  

> > You have to focus the version if you use `numberOfConsumers` and `numberOfConsumers` to improve the SQS source performance.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `batchSizeOfOnceReceive ` and `numberOfConsumers` options are available for SQS source 2.8.4.3+, 2.9.4.1+, and 2.10.1.13+. For details about how to test AWS SQS source performance, see [Performance Test on AWS SQS Source Connector](/docs/source_performance_test.md).
```

> > The versions that support these features are: 2.8.4.3+,2.9.4.1+,2.10.1.13+.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > Here is the performance test report: https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-io-sqs/issues/486.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
